2018 A.D. - 0000 O.S. The first mass empowering event occurs. While there is panic and confusion worldwide, the civilizational status quo endures through a combination of global infrastructure robustness and civilian apprehensiveness. Many emergent powers during this event are triggered by economic hardships, resulting in powers that create food, heal injury and sickness, or have the potential to generate economic wealth. The bloated militaries of the time period prove fortuitous, as they have little difficulty putting down bad triggers, proto-cowls, and the relatively inconsequential amount of aberrant wildlife that emerges. Countries with large populations and/or stable economies benefit immensely in the following years, most notably China, India, and the U.S.A. The casual acceptance of superhero media, primarily in the U.S.A. and Japan, becomes a cultural explosion after numerous high-profile incidents of masked vigilantes foiling crimes perpetrated by newly powered criminals, and 'mask mania' soon spreads worldwide. Combined with the ensuing economic growth caused by "the Odd Summer," the following years are later dubbed "The Golden Age" after comic book nomenclature. 0003 O.S. A second Odd Summer occurs three years after the first. Civilian triggers during this event are notably more varied, likely due to the greater cultural awareness of the concept of 'superheroes' caused by mask mania. Supers that emerge during this event are, on average, more combat capable than their predecessors, and super activity tends to focus on clout seeking rather than economic advancement as both capes and cowls seek the fame and celebrity status the first wave of supers enjoyed. Nations that benefited during the first Odd Summer by-and-large continue to do so, while many smaller nations run into trouble from both bad triggers and criminal supers, forcing them to seek international assistance. The United States sends a peacekeeping task force to South America to assist with crimina

The fleeing mortals made it four days before the heretics caught up. They had a lot to organize, it seemed. Tian didn’t understand the logistics of slave running, and didn’t care to learn. What he did know was that there were a dozen of them, men and women, spreading in a rough circle around the camp. The former slaves had poor night vision, and they had little fuel for fires. They cooked over burning dried horse dung. Not a very hot flame, but it had the advantage of being readily available. Tian could relate. Nights were hours of terror, as they peered into the darkness under the net of stars. Praying that the hook moon would give enough light that they could catch a glimpse of their former captors, that it would reflect on a bit of metal, something, anything, that would give them time to run. Tian understood the feeling perfectly. So did the heretics. That’s why they moved silently, their greys and browns fading into the night. Their short, loose trousers and robes softening the lines of their body so they seemed to blend with the shadows. They were cautious, pausing to listen, to peer into those same shadows that hid them. Looking up and around, putting their nose to the earth and sniffing, always sensitive to the least breath of foreign qi. Sensitive for anything that even hinted at an immortal about. An orthodox ambush would be bad. A heretic one would be no better. They didn’t dawdle or hesitate, though. They must have been pretty confident that whoever rescued the slaves wasn't there any longer. Why would a heavenly person hang about? There was simply no profit in it for them. Tian and Liren stood on their swords, a couple of hundred feet up. There was a curious looking incense burner on the end of Tian’s sword, releasing a thin grey smoke with no odor. Something they picked up from the Mantis heretic. It had taken them a depressingly long time to figure out what it did. The heretics crept to within a quarter mile of the camp. The two Heavenly cultivators sh

“We got this right?” Alice asked not for the first time, and I looked up from where I was checking over my equipment. “It’s just a radio broadcast.” “It’s a battle of the bands! If we can get everyone hyped up, it could be an absolute nova for our career!” Alice argued, and I nodded. That was technically true, but I don’t think we had much to worry about. Honestly I think the whole battle of the bands aspect was mostly just to try and keep the Rockerboys all interested. I don’t think Morro Rock, or any of the advertisers really cared about who won. It was all about drumming up the interest in the first place. Or I could be entirely wrong. People were weird. Either way, I was listening to the band currently up on the stage. The stage itself was rather small. The room did have a crowd to play to, but the cameras and mics everywhere were the real focus. It didn’t matter and we were ready. I was all done up. Makeup artist had come by and painted my face into a mess of sultry lines. I had taken a pic of myself in the mirror after, I wasn’t one for much makeup, but I did like how sharp I looked. Either way that wasn’t important. The song was. I’d argued for something new, but the band hadn’t quite been ready, so instead we were going to try and hit it out of the park with Heathens again. Hiromi had agreed with it though. Apparently we were close to putting out an album and she argued that hyping up the songs that would be on it would be best. Which... Fine. I still wanted to play that song though... Maybe later. Still the coordinator came in. “Stand Alone Complex in five!” We all looked at each other and nodded. And I noticed Alex slip into the back room. Thankfully he didn’t interrupt or try to speak to us as we kinda needed to lock in. I looked over the band. Jared and Klein were taking a last minute shot. Obviously trying to get some drunken courage, as they were nervous while Alice was pacing. Seriously guys, we’d had bigger venues before. We’d been up in front of rea

Previously on Magical Girl Gunslinger... After finishing her first voluntary Usurpation as a Magical Girl and firming her resolve to save others, the newly christened Moon Bunny makes her way to Arcadia Spire, the central hub and headquarters for Arcadia’s Guardian activities. Despite receiving mixed reactions from various people and Guardians who see her, Mai manages to navigate the fantasy tavern-inspired lobby to finish signing up as an official Magical Girl. A more experienced attendant guides Mai through the process, helping her sign up for the Guardian Academy and informing her of important information about how the Guardian’s Association functions to support MGs. One such fact is that the Association and other individuals can make requests for Guardians to perform various services, or can ask to buy specific items from a Guardian’s vault. Some of these requests are compensated, offering to pay in money or points, something that almost manages to get Mai’s hopes up, though she quickly tempers that impulse. Mai also receives a series of welcome gifts such as: - Magitech earbud communicators. - An envelope with information on her enrollment into the Guardian Academy. - A magitech debit card attached to her own personal Guardian bank account. - 100 point discount card on a purchase from a crafting-type Magical Guardian - A book listing various support Guardians and their services. - A mysterious card granting her priority access to AS:D at the Guardian Academy, something Selene said would be best explained at the Academy. - A waiver for one free basic enchantment for her Astral Shift. - 1-Year ticket to one free meal a day from the Guardian tavern, including enchanted meals made by support Guardians. Afterwards, Everglaive’s Familiar Fern collects Mai and leads her to a training room to unlock her Signature Magic. Once there, Everglaive and Naiad give Mai a brief explanation on the different types of Signatures, giving examples and even the true names of their ow

Ruo Ma, Squad Leader in service of the Blazing Swords, was having a wonderful day. He had made a small breakthrough in his cultivation earlier, thanks to the library that the Grand Marshal had put together. There were so many interesting techniques! Sure, those who were in a sect would have turned up their noses and scoffed, but these ‘petty techniques’ were amazing. Lighting fires without crystals? Reducing boulders to sand? Or even walking on water? Each was extremely useful. He then went to the commissary and received the free food he was entitled to. He honestly didn’t know why more people didn’t take advantage of it. They called it boring—which was their loss. It had everything a man needed: rice, some new tuber called a ‘potato’, some vegetables, and dried meat or fish. It was better than anything he had eaten before he became a cultivator. Ruo Ma ate the rations for most meals and was putting on a lot of muscle. Which may not have been necessary for one outside the Initiate’s Realm, but the mechanics of his body still played a role at his current level. Master Rou’s visit had lit a fire in his heart. He hadn’t been there for the first time, at the Dueling Peaks Tournament, but he had heard the stories about the man, even if he hadn’t really believed them. But now that he saw him? That he saw the heights one could reach? Well, who wouldn’t want to see if they could eventually climb that high? He was just doing his cooldown exercises when something disrupted his concentration. “Assemble, assemble! Assemble, assemble! All members of the Blazing Swords, assemble!” The voice through the crystals, as well as the crack-crack-crack of the assembly alarm, ripped through the training hall. Ruo Ma was sprinting towards the assembly point as soon as the first “assemble” sounded, with the others following quick behind him. “What the hells? Is this another drill?” Wei Tianshu, one of the men he normally commanded, asked as they sprinted towards the meeting point. “She tell